So every morning I wake up, my AI agent
has already been working for me for
several hours. This is Alli Miller, one
of the top AI voices in the industry.
She advises enterprises and business
leaders, including those at OpenAI,
Google, Anthropic, on how to use AI. And
today, she shows us exactly how you can
build this, too. Yeah, I have 36
proactive workflows with 28 like master
agents. You can schedule things within
all of these tools so that you while
you're sleeping or doing other things or
on a walk or hanging out with your dog
that things can be running on your
behalf from two years ago, how much more
productive are you now with AI?
Depending on the task is anywhere
between like 2x and 10x.
So somebody finishes this video, sets up
claw, does all of the files in one year.
What's the gap between two versions of
that person? One that said caught up and
one that didn't. They are going to have
Welcome to Silicon Valley girl Ally.
&gt;&gt; Thank you for having me in glorious San
Francisco.
&gt;&gt; Let's pretend it's real.
&gt;&gt; We are in the Bay Area though.
&gt;&gt; The window view is stunning.
&gt;&gt; Um, so today we're going to get very
practical. So can you tell me if we do
something today, how is somebody's life
different in a month once they deployed
everything we're going to talk about? I
think there's definite impact on
productivity, right? The ability to not
only make certain things go faster. My
actual hope if we can get there is to
give people the mindset shift that is
needed so that even if I didn't get to
your specific use case, that you can
kind of apply that learning to anything
that you might do for your business,
whether it's marketing or sales,
creating brand new products. Uh, and
then also maybe I think I just want to
give people a little bit of a guide so
that they can see where things are going
so that they feel a little bit less
terrified. Those we're setting big
goals, but that would that's at least
what I do with my clients. So,
&gt;&gt; what about you? Uh, can you talk to me
uh about Alli for example from two years
ago? How much more productive are you
now with AI? So the last uh two years
we've seen like a big paradigm shift
about a year year and a half ago into
like new age agentic AI. So two years
ago you could kind of ask AI to do
research for you. You'd get back a sort
of synthesis and you would have to do
that take that knowledge and then do
something with it. But now the AI system
that you're using or multiple agents can
take action on your behalf. So when I
look at an AI assistant that I just ask
questions to and get an answer back
versus a thing that is meaningfully
taking delegated work from me and
managing multiple hours worth of work
and workflows, this felt like 20 to 30%
productive. This depending on the task
is anywhere between like 2x and 10x.
&gt;&gt; Wow. So So you're saying you actually
have an AI agent who's your assistant
who's doing things for you. Can you
describe what it actually does? I have
36 proactive workflows with 28 like
master agents and each of them spin up
probably two on average. So call it
50ish sub agents and those are so so
that's that's almost a thousand agents
right almost 2,000 agents
&gt;&gt; it's oh not per workflow just as a total
so it's somewhere around like a hundred
total agents but what I look at is what
can AI do that I don't have to kick off
like this is one of the biggest changes
and I think any single person even if
you're just asking it like hey find me
industry news this morning. If you know
that you're going to go to it every
single morning and ask that question,
that process of asking, not just the
task itself and the prompt itself, but
the task should be automated. So, if
there's like a competitor that you want
to check in on every single morning,
that should be scheduled. You can
schedule things inside of Claude
Co-work, inside of Codeex, inside of
Cloud Code. You can schedule things
within all of these tools so that you
while you're sleeping or doing other
things or on a walk or hanging out with
your dog, okay, that things can be
running on your behalf. So, when I say
36 proactive workflows, those are the
things that my hands are up and they're
constantly coming in as a new stream. Is
that an email that you're getting every
day or how does it look like?
&gt;&gt; That's a good question. Um, most of them
are emails. I have them routed into
different folders, but just two
examples. Um, every single Friday
morning I have a recap of all of the
urgent emails that I have not yet
responded to, ranked by urgency, uh,
drafted, you know, some replies so that
I can get to it faster. Um, it includes
little, uh, the ability to delegate to
people on my team, uh, and reminders if
I don't reply to those emails. So that's
a Friday proactive agent that is
scraping, you know, my Gmail for the
last 5 days and gets me a little
download. Uh, second one is morning
briefing. So every morning I wake up, my
AI agent has already been working for me
for several hours, which is great. and I
wake up and I get this full readout of
industry news, things that are happening
in New York City or San Francisco that
day that I can just have a social life,
god forbid. Uh I get, you know, um
kickoffs for my meetings. So, if I'm
having a client meeting and I'll be
sitting down with like a Fortune 500 CEO
or maybe it's their CFO and I haven't
met with them yet, then in that
proactive system in that morning brief,
all I have to do is like write back with
a keyword and I can kick off uh an AI
agent to make assets for that meeting.
&gt;&gt; So, it connects to your calendar, right?
So, it knows everything. When you're
saying something like, okay, every
morning you get this email. Can anyone
build this or does it require technical
knowledge? None of what I will be
describing in the next however long we
decide to chat for will require
technical coding skills. The one thing
that I do want to call out is that these
tasks that you're completing code is
running in the background. Like in order
to have Claude figure out how to grab
stuff from Gmail and bring it back, how
to grab stuff from other areas of your
Google Workspace or your Fireflies or
Granola and bring it back. All of that
is usually set up through like an API
where it's able to retrieve and bring it
back. That is code-based. You just don't
have to know how to code to get it done.
So, you can ask in natural language,
"Hey, Claude, I usually uh find myself
really stressed before a client calls. I
wish that I knew every day whether I
need to bring an umbrella cuz I keep
getting rained on and New York has
horrible weather. Uh, I feel like I'm uh
constantly trying to find meeting blocks
and I'm struggling to find deep work
time. Help me.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; And Claude will come back to you and
say, "Wow, really sounds like you need a
proactive meeting blocker. Sounds like
you need a proactive client prep skill."
Right? All of these things. I I know it
sounds deceptively simple, but like the
best first step to figure out what
Claude should code to help you is just
to complain. Like it it is it is so
simple. And and I even still forget it.
Like last night, I was complaining about
having photos on my Android versus my
iPhone. And Claude was like, "Here's
what I'm going to do for you. I'm going
to set up a Google Drive folder for you.
Then you're going to put in here. Then
I'm gonna pick between these photos and
classify them. Then I'm gonna email your
team. And I'm like, claw.
&gt;&gt; Oh, that this actually sounds amazing.
You you wonderful thing. But it starts
with a complaint. And all humans know
how to complain. It's the joy that you
get from having your complaint faced
with not just like emotional validation,
although that, you know, does feel nice
sometimes, but like at a certain point,
I don't want to be validated. I want
that problem actually to be solved. So
complaining to Claude, having it work
with you in real time to come up with a
solution that makes sense, but working
back and forth with an AI and iterating
on that delivery method. That's the fun
part.
&gt;&gt; I think also another tip uh that I heard
I think from you ask Claude to ask you
questions like if you can't figure out
can you walk me through that? Do you
just ask it? Because I feel like you're
you're talking about even this email
that you're getting, it's already very
sophisticated because it gives you
suggestions. it's a certain amount of
time in certain um period of time and
then it accesses specific information
that you want. How do you know what it
should be doing?
&gt;&gt; So there's two parts of this. There's
like the basic answers of just how do I
get it set up? What are basic
functionalities? And then there's the
added delights. So on the first, you
know, part of it, you can ask claude
code one of two ways. You can either
literally just say, can you ask me
questions to figure out the best way to
do a morning briefing? Or there's a
built-in skill that Claude Code has that
I'm sure many other providers are trying
to roll out too called ask user
questions. So you can say, "Hey, go
ahead and ask user qu use the ask user
question skill and ask me, interview me
about how I should set up my studio and
the types of microphones that I should
have and the type of water and the type
of furniture." And so it'll go through
questions until it gets to a decent
level of understanding and then it'll go
through planning mode and help you think
through that.
&gt;&gt; And it's actually very simple. It just
gives you a button, you press it and
that's it. Right. If you if you're using
Claude chat,
&gt;&gt; oh yeah, is basically
&gt;&gt; Claude chat, Claude Co-work. Those are
great.
&gt;&gt; Let's let's uh describe the difference.
Um
&gt;&gt; um so there's three versions of Claude.
Uh technically four. So, four versions
of Claude and again other providers have
multiple versions as well. So, out of
the four, there's the normal Claude web
app that we're all used to. Single chat
threads, the ability to ask a question,
get it back, it can browse the internet
for you, and you can very easily spin up
projects. You can very easily connect it
into Notion and Gmail and a lot of other
pre-built connectors. It is a lot harder
for AI to take action for you in that
zone. It's not really writing code and
solving your stuff, but it's very
helpful at retrieving answers. The next
level up from that is Claude Co-work,
which is a business professional agentic
AI tool um or platform that allows you
to kind of do a lot of what I just
described with web, but you can point it
at local files on your desktop or have
it take action. Let's say like, hey,
make me a Google doc that blah blah blah
cloud code. you're going to have a lot
more control, uh, a lot more
capabilities, a lot more
customizability. You can build, uh,
software that way as well. And then the
fourth one, which is kind of like the
random little cousin on the side, is the
Clawed Chrome extension. Mhm.
&gt;&gt; So, if you wanted to, let's say, take a
lot of, you know, photos of your kid and
make it into a collage and you were on
Walgreens website and you were on the
literal make me a poster page, you could
just have Claude take over your mouse
basically and govern your Chrome window
to take action for you on a specific
tool. So, those are the four, but those
skills that I was describing can be used
in any of the first three.
&gt;&gt; Ally just walked us through her setup.
36 proactive workflows around 100 agents
of running while she sleeps. And here's
the thing, every team hits when they try
to build something like that. It's not
the technology, it's context. Your
strategy lives in one tab, your tasks in
another, and every time you bring AI in,
you're basically copy pasting into a
blank prompt that had zero idea what
your team has already figured out.
That's exactly the problem Murro AI
workflows is built to solve. your team's
existing work on canvas becomes the
context for AI. No retyping, no starting
from scratch. So, ahead of this episode,
I ran an experiment on something we do
every single week, guest research. I put
Alli's LinkedIn posts, her newsletters,
transcripts from her recent interviews,
and dropped everything straight onto
Canvas. You can find all the documents
and notes in one place. And here's what
makes Miro different. The canvas itself
is the prompt. That's how Mirror keeps
your AI grounded into your actual
context, not generic information. I also
set up a research sitekick, a custom AI
agent that sits on the canvas and can
answer follow-up questions about the
material as I prep. Think of it as a
specialist who's already read
everything. Then I ran a flow, a visual
multi-step AI workflow, and set up four
theme zones. her AI agent setup, future
of work predictions, practical advice on
how anyone can start and the angles
nobody has covered. One click, Mero
analyzed everything across all four
zones and generated a summary document.
Then I opened my custom research
sidekick and asked it to extract the
strongest themes and generate the
interview brief. One minute later, the
sidekick pulled the central episode
angle, the three strongest questions,
and the most counterintuitive thing she
believes. exactly what our audience
needed to hear. If your team is juggling
AI tools that don't talk to each other
and none of them know what you've
already built, Murro AI workflows is
worth trying. Link is in the
description. Now, back to Ally. Let's
actually build something. So, I'm going
to say and I'm going to use the built-in
functionality of voice. Okay. So, I'm
going to say, do we want to do that like
morning brief?
&gt;&gt; Let's do the morning brief. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Okay, cool.
&gt;&gt; Okay. I feel really stressed every
single morning and I want you to make me
a morning brief. I don't want to yet
give you access to my calendar and my
email because I don't trust you yet. So,
at the very least, I want you to pull
research related to my industry and I am
an executive at Apple TV and I want you
to pull, you know, recent news and press
releases there and summarize at least
the top three. Um, you should measure
the top three based on what is going to
impress my bosses the most when I walk
into a meeting the next day or what is
the most talked about that I should
definitely know about. Second thing I
want you to pull is the most insane AI
stories related to my industry and you
should write it in a way that uses the
word game changer and wild every other
word. I also want you to pull the
weather and tell me what to wear in a
given day. I am based in San Francisco,
California. And because I am trying to
be more social, at the bottom of this
recap, can you also go ahead and add
three fun events that are happening in
San Francisco in the next 4 days?
&gt;&gt; Wow, that was quite a prompt.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And I don't even think about this
as like prompts anymore, right? I'm
going to hit enter on this, but like I I
just don't think about prompt
engineering anymore. the the rambling
for 1 minute, 10 minutes is going to be
more valuable. Not because it's longer,
although that is helpful sometimes. It
is because I have been able to
communicate all that weird nuance, all
those weird like the fact that I'm
telling it when I'm stressed. So, it
came back. It says, "What time do you
want the morning brief delivered each
day?" Let's do 6:00 a.m.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And let's ask it to show us a
sample for today so we can see the
result.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, of course. How do you want the
brief delivered? and it says markdown
file, Word doc, or PDF. Let's ask for it
in a word doc. All I've done is answer
those two questions. And it's like, love
it. 6 a.m. Let me go ahead and build
this for you. And so, it is going to
spin up a progress report for me in the
top right corner. So, it's using
reasoning. It's coming up with these six
steps, and I can track its progress. So,
the first one is reading the skill
creator instructions. So, it knows how
to create a skill. Let's define skill,
by the way, because we mentioned it
several times. Skill is basically like a
long prompt, right? Um, yeah, with some
extra little jeies. So, imagine you're a
mechanic and you have a toolbox. Let's
say inside the toolbox, you got a
hammer, a screwdriver, a wrench, and a
bunch of other things.
&gt;&gt; Let's say that in that moment, you're
like, I need a wrench. So, Claude has
the ability to look inside of its
toolbox and go, you know, she's asking
for this like bolt. I have a wrench.
this is perfect and starts using the
wrench, i.e. that skill,
&gt;&gt; but it can also build brand new tool
skill things for you. So, it can add new
things to your toolbox. So, if you're
like, uh, actually, I need you to cut a
lot of wire. None of the tools that I
just described would allow you to do
that. And so, you can have it walk you
through building up a new skill, right?
Adding a brand new thing to your
toolbox. So basically if if I'm a social
media person that would be like how I
write a LinkedIn post, how I write a
script for my reel, how I select a guest
for a podcast and like and also you
should have one for your brand
guidelines. You should have one for this
anti-AI
language like so that anything that
you're working on you can apply the
skill of remove all this AI language for
me so it's not just your social media
post.
&gt;&gt; So basically instead of giving it a long
prompt here is my Instagram, this is how
I do it. I want to get 100k whatever
&gt;&gt; you just
&gt;&gt; it's like a 200line document exactly in
a folder sitting with some other
documents that might include examples of
your social post might include your
social performance download like a CSV
of all the data over the last 12 months
or seven years or whatever it is. But
basically, it's a folder with one file
that describes what the heck you want it
to do, which might include things like
access this tool, like go to Gmail, go
to Google calendar, whatever.
&gt;&gt; And some resources, some examples, but
like it is a folder and anyone can make
a folder. And if you don't want to make
it from scratch, like the thing that I
was going to say that um Claude kicked
back with is that I said, "Hey, do you
know how to build a skill or whatever?"
And it's like, yes, not only can I build
a skill for best practices and whatever,
but I have a skill creator tool. So that
is a builtin functionality inside of
Claude. So that if you want to build a
new skill like write in my brand voice
for my newsletter or if you want to do a
skill like um take all of this survey
data that I got from my last you know
Zoom poll whatever take all of this and
summarize it into action items for my
analytics team to act on or for my
growth marketer to act on. That is a
repeated thing. You're like I got to do
this all the time. Seems pretty easy.
Maybe it needs access to a tool. Maybe
I'll make it a skill. And at the worst,
you can always just ask cloud. You can
be like, I do this a lot. Do you think I
should have it do a skill? Or you can
describe your entire day and say, come
up with three skills that I would need
to build.
&gt;&gt; I really like what you just said. Uh
whenever you have doubt, just ask cloud.
It knows whether it should be a skill.
And what I like about skills is that you
can migrate them. Like tomorrow, you
decide to use perplexi computer, you
just upload the skill to perplexic
computer and it uses it. Same with Chad
GPT. Same with whatever you're using.
Also, asking Claude for answers doesn't
always mean you're relying on Claude's
answers or trusting Claude's answers.
You know, if it says, "Sorry, I can't
build a skill and be like, no, you
definitely can. These two very smart
people were talking about skills." And
you know, sometimes you'll have to push
back. Like emotional fortitude is still
very important here. But in this case,
it did come back with a very accurate
answer. The skills that it pulled was
how to make a skill. That's the skill
creator. How to write a doc x, that's
one, and how to schedule things. So,
even just to do what I needed it to do,
it read three skills.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. It already knows how to do that.
the idea of like agents teaching other
agents new skills and being able to have
these modular skills that I can throw
over. Like if I'm the LinkedIn voice
skill and you're the Twitter or ex voice
skill,
&gt;&gt; I might still pass to you my anti-AI
information because both of us needed
it.
&gt;&gt; So there's going to be a lot of agent to
agent sharing. This is just like one AI
system.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So you have this four models framework.
Microtasker, companion, delegate,
teammate. What we're building right now,
who is this?
&gt;&gt; This feels more like a delegate where I
am assigning it work that it is doing on
my behalf and just giving it back to me.
&gt;&gt; If I said, give me this morning briefing
and make it work for my whole team. send
it out to all of us so that every
morning we're starting this meeting, you
know, at 50 miles an hour or read
through all of our, you know, Jira
tickets to be able to figure out what
the process uh what the progress of this
new commercial real estate build is
doing. Like look at our actual process.
Teammate is when it is uplifting a
system and not just an individual. You
could think of it so as a delegate or a
teammate just for like easy use of
words. I think the people who are using
AI the best, even if it's just for
productivity gains, they are looking at
AI as a teammate, as a first class
teammate. Like I actually get pretty
annoyed when I hear people say, "Oh, AI
is an intern." I'm like, "What intern
has PhD level intelligence, the ability
to read the entire internet?" Like, if I
hear AI is a smart intern one more time,
&gt;&gt; yeah,
&gt;&gt; I'm gonna I'm gonna throw this table on
the
&gt;&gt; So, teammate is active. someone who's
proactive and inside your whole
&gt;&gt; and and helping a team like I all of
these enterprises that I work with
&gt;&gt; if I say like great how's your work
doing I'll get success stories I'll get
amazing tales of some individuals who
are AI super users getting that 3x gain
5x gain they are probably not sharing
that insight with their teammates
because they are hoarding it for
themselves because they benefit greatly
from keeping it to themselves
&gt;&gt; so enterprises are really having a
problem of sharing AI knowledge with one
another, transferring that productivity
into other departments that may be
behind and so having AI be a supportive
mechanism. I bet you that the majority
of small medium business owners that are
listening to this or entrepreneurs, they
are gung-ho on AI and you know that they
have one two people on their team who
are like what is this? What do I have to
do? using AI as a functional shared
teammate to be able to reduce the
friction on that person. It's gonna make
it go by so much easier. Okay. Do you
want to look at this doc?
See, now this is this is annoying
because now I want to do all these
events. Okay. So, we get our first ever
doc x. It's giving us today's date and
it is going to run us through see it
already had your name. Okay. Good
morning, Marina. So top three industry
stories, we get things that are not
necessarily related to AI that Peacock
is doing something about vertical video
obviously because every single person's
building vertical TV shows even though
Quibby definitely started it for AI and
entertainment Netflix acquired things.
So maybe I take this story, I might just
copy this and throw it into my Slack. I
might ask for it and say, "Hey, instead
of writing it for me with wild and game
changer, instead write it as a message
that I can just send to my boss
&gt;&gt; or a LinkedIn post."
&gt;&gt; Exactly.
&gt;&gt; Commenting on this.
&gt;&gt; And by the way, when you do this morning
brief, use my LinkedIn voice skill. And
you can embed these skills. So, always
having this be modular. Like, for sure,
every single person should have a tone
of voice skill, a brand guideline skill.
Those are two really easy ones to start
with.
&gt;&gt; San Francisco weather. I can't believe
it is that hot.
&gt;&gt; And then some fun events. And again, if
I'm thinking about how can I get the
most help out of this,
&gt;&gt; seeing this event list is helpful, but
like give me a link. Tell me how much
these things are. Talk to me about let's
say top three files that everyone should
start with. Like you said, describing
family. What do you think are the files
that are the most gamechanging to your
process?
&gt;&gt; So assuming like assuming you run your
own business or something,
&gt;&gt; someone who runs social media. Yes.
Something of their own. It's maybe a
small business. social media or even
like running a household with two kids
is already a business.
&gt;&gt; Totally.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly.
&gt;&gt; Sounds like a lot.
&gt;&gt; Not a profitable one, but still.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So, three documents that I would
start with. The first is your personal
constitution. This has nothing to do
with what year it is, what you did last
week. Everything about this document is
just like who you are at your core. What
values do you hold? So like one of my
core core values is entrepreneurship and
I mean that in every single facet of my
life like I want to be high agency at
all times. So agency is another one but
I have this core personal constitution
and this is also by the way a big thing
in Silicon Valley. It's been happening
for a while that if I was onboarding you
onto my team and I wanted you to like
know my vibes and personality and and
means and methods. There are people that
just like hand each other a personal
constitution and say learn about me,
study me.
&gt;&gt; So they should have a personal
constitution, definitely a 2026 goals
document. That could be annual, that
could be quarterly, monthly, weekly, new
habits you want to build, habits you
want to kick, um, you know, specific
inputs or outputs you want to manage,
like I want to be able to run twice a
week, or I want to have family dinners
at least once a week, or I want to
travel 30% less. Um, so, uh, personal
constitution, personal goals for the
year broken out, and then if you're
running your own business, you need at
the very least like a core business
strategy dock. Um, I wouldn't get into
details of like what vendor did you work
with in June,
&gt;&gt; but an overall thing of what does your
business do, who do you serve, who do
you not serve, what is your value
proposition, like pretty basic, you
know, marketing things, things that
probably exist on your LinkedIn page,
things that exist on your website, but
the ability to add in the things that
aren't on the website, like we've tried
to launch a podcast for the last three
years, and here's why it didn't work. or
the reason that we live in Savannah,
Georgia is because of blah blah blah.
So, you're giving that extra color to
decisions. Those are the three documents
that I would absolutely start with. If
you literally take this section of the
podcast and you take the transcript that
I just said and you feed it into Claude
and you say, "Wow, Ally said three
documents that I had to make. Ask me
questions for the next hour and you are
going to make these three documents for
me." and you get to go on a walk and
just answer those questions to Claude
while it is building up those contact
docs for you. And then for the rest of
eternity, right, until you like update
them again, Claude can just access those
documents for you or Cloud Co-work and
uh Cloud Code can access them for you if
they're on your laptop and can retrieve
it. And then anything you want to do can
now be more tied to your goals. Anything
you want to do for your business, you
can go, is this the direction we wanted
to go in? And you might decide, okay,
it's not the direction, but I at least I
know that, right? And I'm going to scrap
this plan and we're going to go like
when I worked at AWS, we would pivot
strategy, you know, the the execution of
it maybe 6 months into the year, but
that north star was staying the same.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, that document needs to have both
sides.
&gt;&gt; And you're going to spend like an hour,
right, building those three documents.
&gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Maximum. I don't know if your
team has done this yet, but my team uh
we blocked out an hour on our calendar
all together. We got on a Zoom, all of
us went on mute, but kept the video on,
right? It was this like accountability
hour and we called it a context hack.
And all we did was ask Claude like,
"Hey, ask me questions about my personal
goals or ask questions about our
vendor." And all we did was just build
out contact stocks for one hour
&gt;&gt; and we shared out. It was like taking
the time out. The fact that people are
listening to this podcast, right?
They're already taking time out to learn
about AI tips and tricks and
productivity and platforms like you need
to also do that in your workday. You
need to be able you need to find those
20 minutes to carve out because those 20
minutes are going to save you 3 hours in
your first week.
&gt;&gt; Why not Chad GBT? Because Chad Gypt can
do all of this, right? But what is the
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So I like if you had asked me two
years ago what tool I was using, 99% of
the time I was using chat GPT and now
99% of the time I'm using cloud code. So
like I am going to be a lot more
flexible in the operating system that I
use for my business because I am
teaching millions of people how to use
the stuff. So I need to know what's
happening.
&gt;&gt; I think there are people who have made
that switch. The most common thing that
I hear is the tone and personality and
voice and like ability to mimic voice.
uh the level of empathy like I don't
hear it as much on like ah it handles my
agentic AI workflows with such precision
and
&gt;&gt; it is a lot more of just like ah it gets
me like I have to ask for things less
like I can give it just a little bit of
a description it's able to build out
this whole client template that I need
&gt;&gt; but again in a couple weeks that might
change and so I think every single
person should at the very least pick
like one core AI tool for now my main
recommendations are going to be chat
claude and Gemini like pick one of those
and you have to find time to test out
their agentic versions. M
&gt;&gt; so for open AI you've got codeex and
probably other stuff coming for cloud
you've got cloud code and co-work and
probably other stuff coming right all of
these agentic platforms
they are going to be uh everywhere in
the next 6 months if you're trying to
stay ahead of the game and you always
want to be one week ahead of your
competition then sure test out you know
cloud code and cloud co-work right now
um but I I just think yeah vibes um
memory is really easy to import from one
to the other. I think people thought it
was going to be a lot harder.
&gt;&gt; It's not right. Remember when we were
talking that the mode is having memory
about someone, but you can just transfer
everything really easily. I think Claude
just released a feature. Yep.
&gt;&gt; A prompt that past GPT and import. And
also what I think so we talked about MD
files just saving them into one folder
makes it really easy to migrate anytime
because that's that's the core if you
are some like I think a lot of the agent
AI systems are more simple than
uh really you know technical leaders are
trying to make it out to be. You can
just create a very nicely organized file
system and be in a really good position
for your business. Right? those contact
stocks for sure, having those downloads
of a couple key uh client templates or
resources that you keep coming back to,
um or newsletters if you're trying to
write those or contracts that you always
have to create new versions of. Just
being a slightly more organized person
on your own desktop or Google Drive or
SharePoint or whatever you're using is
going to be a hack for the next
&gt;&gt; and it's such an in you don't understand
this investment. Some people like, "Oh,
it takes so much time to create all
these fast." This is investment and you
do it once and then your mind is going
to be blown.
&gt;&gt; Yes. And again, complain to AI. You can
say, "Oh my god, Marina and Ally were
telling me to make all of these freaking
contact stocks. It feels like it's going
to take so much time." Claude is likely
to come back and go, "Wait a second. I
will ask you the three questions that
will give me the highest signal, and
therefore, we will only use five minutes
of your time." Yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And we'll at least get you started with
some sort of context so that I at least
moved away from completely generic into
50% alley zone and then I can save 100%
alley zone for later. But like you got
to start and once you start that's the
feeling I've been describing. I feel so
much at ease thinking about problems I
might encounter cuz when Claude solved
the problem of picking the right uh
health insurance plan,
&gt;&gt; which probably felt great, too.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And it took me basically 5 minutes
versus a few hours that I would spend
with a booklet uh comparing everything.
And when it comes to your business, so
you you said you're personally like 10x
more productive, right, in the past.
Some tasks 2x and some tasks I'm like,
"Oh my god, where did the time go?" Um
it feels like the concept of an hour has
changed. Like something that I talk
about with my team a lot is just like,
"What is time? What is time? What are we
doing? Should we ever charge by the hour
again?" Like,
&gt;&gt; yeah,
&gt;&gt; it's a very weird.
&gt;&gt; We're actually switching that in my team
cuz we used to pay by hour and I'm like,
we should pay by video cuz I don't care
if you spend 5 minutes on this video. If
you have a process set up, then
&gt;&gt; we made that same when did you make that
shift?
&gt;&gt; Like a week ago.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. But still, but like now is the
time, right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I think paying by output and at a
minimum quality level um is the right
play. Um, and so if you are someone
who's like, I don't know, you're
building AI SEO strategies for
smallmedium businesses in your
neighborhood, which is perfectly
lucrative right now and still is a
really nice business opportunity, or
you're building websites for restaurants
in your area. Whatever it is, maybe
before it took you two days of work, you
are still giving the same level of value
to that end buyer. They were no more
likely to solve their own problems. So
why would you charge 148th of what you
used to charge just because you can do
it in one hour instead of two days?
&gt;&gt; What about your business? Where do you
have you seen the most transformation
&gt;&gt; with AI?
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; I think being a more supportive advisor.
So, like I have a lot of different
clients in different industries and so
I'll usually write up this like big
client recap about my, you know,
conversations with AI leaders or product
leaders or founders about what I'm
learning in the field and it's a private
email that I only send to my clients.
The ability to customize those emails at
scale and then I get to review them,
that is so helpful. And again, going
back to that context do talk, I have a
context dock on each of these big
retainer clients so that as I'm giving
advice and I'm saying here's what I
would do if I were, you know, a CFO or a
CHRO leading this initiative, I have a
section and then I always say what was,
you know, AI generated or if it was
reviewed by me, then I'll remove that.
But if it was an AI generated section, I
would say, "And by the way, here's the
clawed, you know, specific version for
your company." And they're getting
tailored advice. Yes. And I know we just
said advice is not the, you know,
greatest thing of all time, but I
encourage all of my clients and
newsletter readers. You'll see this at
the top of like pretty much all my
newsletters. I say, "Seal my stuff. Take
my newsletter, take my client recap, put
it into whatever agentic system you're
using. I am gifting you context, right?
Take that six-step thing that I
literally just told you to do, throw it
into Claude and just write, "Huh?" And
it'll walk you through that. At the very
least, it'll explain it and then it'll
say, "Do you want me to walk you through
it?" But like everything that I'm
providing, I'm thinking about it as a
gift of context. First of all, isn't
Ally freaking amazing? And second, I
know she's dropping a lot of knowledge
in this episode. If you want to just
copy and paste her prompts, if you just
want to copy and paste whatever you
should be doing with your quad,
subscribe to my newsletter and we're
going to send you the most actionable
email from this episode. The link is
down below. So, can you look at our
setup and tell me how sophisticated it
is and which level it is? Sure.
&gt;&gt; So, for example,
&gt;&gt; do you want to translate with that one?
&gt;&gt; Yes. So, my whole team speaks Russian.
So, we do we do so this is this is a
project for every social media that
we're running. the clips channel,
Telegram, PR, Spotify, one YouTube
channel, another YouTube channel, uh,
Facebook, Instagram.
&gt;&gt; Okay. What I'm what I'm seeing um
missing, let me just go through this.
So, I love that you have it broken out
by medium and by business, and you have
that in spades, right? Like all of these
projects are which business, which
channel, which business, which channel.
Um, where's your scroll? There. Um, and
I love that because you're able to go in
deep. What I love is when you have these
more horizontal projects like overall
design, overall PR, overall how to use
CL. I guess that's an example one, but
like I love the play between deep
vertical projects and awesome horizontal
projects.
&gt;&gt; How do you connect them? Because you
can't connect two projects, right?
&gt;&gt; Uh you can't be you can tie in skills.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So based on for example if I go to
this uh project PR I can just tell it
build a skill based on this called PR
and whenever we have a new podcast I
tell it apply PR skill to uh create PR
and news.
&gt;&gt; Um you might it might have you export
some of the files inside actually don't
I I'm not a big big user of co-work so
you'd have to ask claude whether it can
do that. My guess is no. Um but you know
functionality is always changing always
good to guess.
&gt;&gt; What do you think is the next step for
us?
&gt;&gt; Uh if we go back to your list of
projects. So I might think of a project
like um net new product development,
&gt;&gt; right? And so like that might be uh
brainstorm calls that you guys have as a
team. That might be pulling together
your meeting transcripts. If you're
really inspired by a product that I
release or someone else releases, grab
the link, throw it in as a resource, or
grab the description, throw it in as a
resource. So, I am like a brainstorming
hub, not not based to a project, but
based on the whole company.
&gt;&gt; And so, if ever I'm like, okay, now
we're going to brainstorm the next
product development push. Uh the fact
that I can then go back to that project
and it has patterns over time. I can
also give it the types of decisions that
we were able to make. I can also give it
access to a uh you know team document or
a team skill so that it sees what my
resourcing is today. Maybe a year ago I
had zero engineers and today I have
three machine learning engineers on my
team.
&gt;&gt; So it's basically a chief of staff.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And so that was actually going to
be my you're brilliant. Brilliant. There
are people building out at the very
least skills, not necessarily projects,
but skills that are individual roles and
having those skills kind of interact
with each other.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And CLA CLA has some of them,
right? It has marketing for me. Like
when I applied marketing skill to one of
the courses that we're launching, it was
so 90s. It's like if they complain about
the price, you tell them that how much
time would they have spent if I'm like,
no, no, no, no. We don't do that
anymore. That's from 2000s or whatever.
inside of co-work. And this is again for
for beginner AI users. If you're like, I
don't really understand the value that I
can get out of this. Go into claude
co-work. I'm just I'm talking you
through what I'm clicking here.
&gt;&gt; On the lefth hand side, click customize.
Then you're going to hit browse plugins.
And then it's going to give you
pre-built ones. And so I can just rattle
off like brand voice. What did we just
say? um customer support, data, the
ability to just like quickly write SQL
queries or pull from three different
tables that you have to join. Uh
finance, engineering, legal, like every
single small medium business owner just
got free, right? Loosely free uh access
to extra team members.
&gt;&gt; Absolutely. So, like our legal
contracts, we're first running them
through some of these plugins to first
validate. And then I'll go to my lawyer
who costs a lot of money, whom I love
and who's an expert, and I might say,
"Hey, I went ahead, I ran this through.
I also reviewed it with my own brain.
Here are some things. What do you
think?" And now his time spent on is 15
minutes instead of two hours. But it is
insanely helpful.
&gt;&gt; U quick question here, especially when
it comes to legal stuff, right? Uh I
just saw this research where they gave I
think chat GPT to entrepreneurs in Kenya
and there were some entrepreneurs who
were just beginners and they started
using Chad GPT to make all decisions and
basically they buried their business to
the ground because they couldn't select
the right choice that Chad GPT presented
them with and then there were
sophisticated entrepreneurs who 10x
their businesses because they started
using AI. How do you decide when you
trust AI and when you don't? So first I
have read Can I close this and move this
around?
&gt;&gt; Um
the the the answer is you don't right in
your really specific field of expertise
you're a lot more easily going to be
able to see what is and what is
not. So if I'm asking it for AI
direction of a product like I know
exactly what is real and what is not.
But if I'm asking it for quantum physics
theories,
I have no idea. And by the way, there
are people losing their minds with some
of this stuff, thinking that they've
invented brand new fields of science and
like none of this would ever work, but
it sounds really convincing.
&gt;&gt; Oh, there was this this new I'm going to
just
&gt;&gt; horrible. So, somebody fired someone to
not pay them $200 million based on Chad
GPT's advice, and those people sued them
back. So, now he owes more. Have you
seen that?
&gt;&gt; It was a startup founder with a
contract. This is crazy.
&gt;&gt; I did see that. So, so certainly within
your field of expertise, you're going to
have just a much better detector.
&gt;&gt; Running it by multiple AIs is going to
help validate it at a wider scale.
Grounding the data. So, not just like
asking the literal large language model,
but giving it access to the internet,
giving it access to previous contracts
that you've worked with and ones that
you've accepted and ones that you've
rejected and why. Those are all going to
really help on grounding. But the story
that you just told me about some super
users and some um let's say people that
ran their business to the ground. The
difference between those two groups was
not expertise, right? Both of those
groups came to these tools going I don't
know what could I do with this? One
group decided to take the lazier route
and over rely on these systems and say
see I can offload everything. And the
other group thought from a growth
mindset. How can I use it to challenge
me? How can I use it to grow? How can I
use it as a supportive mechanism and an
augmenttor layer and an accelerant to my
business? The difference that I see in
enterprises even down to like the
department right a super user and
someone who's falling years behind is
mindset. The ability to see AI as not a
tool but to see it as a teammate as an
operating system like that is the shift.
And so that group that was aided by AI
or was able to grow their business.
because they didn't over rely on it
because they maintained
&gt;&gt; their critical thinking authority over
exactly and
&gt;&gt; not even not necessarily like control
but again agency like I last year my
word of the year was agency and so just
every single agent interaction that I
had last year I was just like where am I
infusing my own agency while also taking
things off my plate
&gt;&gt; and this is the most important skill I
think all of us should be learning this
and what I'm teaching my kids like
create something by yourself. Yes, you
can ask Chad GPT to help you,
&gt;&gt; but create something high agency and
sense of wonder, which by the way,
parents, you're so lucky because you can
just go to your kid and get a healthy
dose of like childlike curiosity.
&gt;&gt; And for those of us who don't have like
you got to drink a glass of wine to kind
of loosen up and feel that way. But it
is amazing to hear the types of
questions that kids ask and just assume
that things are possible and go to these
systems and be like amazing idea.
&gt;&gt; That's what kids kids tell me. I'm like
this is possible. Go ask Chad GBT. Go
ask Gemini
to figure out like an answer but to just
see what is possible like things that we
can build now that we couldn't build
before. Like you can architect a brand
new bridge, right? You could you could
create a new uh color personality and
create an entire product line uh using
lemon zest yellow. That probably already
exists, but like you can just create
things. Like now in almost every single
car ride that I'm in with friends, I'm
just like, should we just invent a new
business while we're driving this car
for the next 15 minutes? And it becomes
like a race to see what we can do. The
ability to discern good from not good.
And that's a little different than
having the skill to do the thing in the
first place, right? Like you know
whether you like an ad or not. Yeah. But
did you need to know graphic design to
be able to pull that off?
&gt;&gt; So just knowing what good looks like
like that is one of the top skills to
hone.
&gt;&gt; Absolutely. Yeah. How can you work on
this skill? Any tips?
&gt;&gt; Knowing what is right.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. If you are early in your career,
like become best friends with an older
millennial or Gen X or someone who's
like seen stuff for decades and just be
like, I'll be the crazy AI person, you
be the expert, and let's like team up
and share a brain. That is some of the
best teamwork that I've seen. Um, I
think also just making sure that you
don't lose that expertise. That might be
going to conferences in your field,
reading research papers in your field
and not just having AI summarize them.
Um, pulling new research, like staying
up to date on whatever that zone is, but
also questioning yourself. Like I think
we might have had assumptions on what we
think is good, but in the AI age,
maybe defining things as good,
especially if they're on processes, like
should actually be rethought.
&gt;&gt; Okay, I have a couple last questions. So
you're working with these amazing
companies and you're seeing what's being
built and you're using it.
&gt;&gt; What is going to happen in 12 months
that you think and no one is expecting
it right now. What do you think is the
trend?
&gt;&gt; It's like some people are seeing this,
right? There's always going to be some
people who are seeing around the corner.
I think one of the bigger shifts that is
going to happen this year, and by the
way, I'm going to do a small plug. Uh
every single year for the last eight
years, I've released my yearly AI
predictions. So if you want to see my
actual AI predictions, I have like 25.
that are all for this year.
&gt;&gt; So, they will come true. Uh
&gt;&gt; I've been tracking them year-over-year.
And not to brag, but like I think I
think I'm one of the stronger
forecasters.
&gt;&gt; Wow.
&gt;&gt; Um
what's things are happening faster um in
a lot of zones than I'm predicting.
&gt;&gt; So, the bigger release again, we're
seeing like agents, we get it. We're
seeing multi- aents. We get it. We're
going to see net new interfaces. We're
going to see new data centers. We're
like there's a lot of more obvious
things. One thing that might not be as
obvious to uh you know newer to AI folks
is the concept of self-learning.
So a lot of people believe that when
you're having a conversation with Chadi
or Claude as you are having that
conversation that it is like learning
about you. It's not really learning.
It's just that your conversation is in
its context and that it is processing.
Now with that added couple paragraphs or
when it's creating a memory file on you
again it's just adding it into either a
rag system or yeah just in time context
that it's grabbing. The actual
self-learning that we might see is that
the model itself might update and
improve and literally learn and that
like the model weights would change the
functionality of the model would change.
That's a big part of it. And then the
second is that the the way that it
decides when to uh learn or improve or
change or shift is not going to be when
a human is like, "Hey, can you now
selflearn?"
&gt;&gt; No, it's going to be looking at some
sort of environmental trigger or context
or it's going to know, hey, I've been
listening to Marina's calls for the last
5 months. She's been deciding whether or
not her next hire is going to be based
in Nashville or New York. I can see that
she just hired Jeff Smith and Jeff Smith
lives in New York. Therefore, I just got
feedback that I can update in my own
brain that she picked the New York one.
And so based on what we decided as our
decision framework, she seems to right
now be favoring high-risk higher payoff
decisions.
&gt;&gt; So that grabbing of little
details from from the context
&gt;&gt; which humans do extremely well, humans
that are aware and paying attention do
very very well. But like we've seen the
most rudimentary versions of this like
you go on Netflix, you watch some sort
of, you know, movie or you go on Hulu,
you watch Chad Powers, whatever, and you
like upvote it or that's environmental
feedback. That's context. That is a
trigger so that it can better improve a
recommendation engine.
&gt;&gt; So basically the advice we're going to
be getting from AI in a year, they're
going to be comparable to a great
strategist, right? It's it's certainly
going to be a lot more customized. Like
&gt;&gt; the direction of all of this stuff is
that every single person is going to
have their own AI system, their own AI
operating system. So every single thing
is going to become a market of one. Your
AI system will be purpose-built for the
things that you needed to do. It'll know
your tone of voice. It'll know your
hopes and fears and cholesterol levels
and all these things about you. Maybe it
won't blend work and personal as much as
in your life, but it will be
personalized to you. And you can imagine
as you experience the world, every blog
post you read could be customized to
you. Every website you see, there are
tools right now like Flint and a bunch
of others that are creating brand new
hypercustomized landing pages in real
time. So that as I'm visiting nike.com
or whatever that I'm seeing the alley
version of that website, maybe it knows
that I love, you know, dark green. So
it's going to show me the dark green
shoe
&gt;&gt; and showing you women's stuff, not men's
stuff.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Exactly. Well, I buy a lot of
men's clothes, but Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Well, or knows that about you. Men's
clothes that are going to fit you.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. So everything having that
market of one, not just our AI
experiences, but the output. the idea
that my agent is going to talk to your
agent. We're going to have probably
early signs of that this year. I already
see it happening. I have people emailing
me going, "Hey, Alli's agent." Like,
they already know that the thing that is
reading my Gmail first are those
proactive agents. And so, they are
talking to their AI systems. And the I
can like, is that not weird that they're
writing emails to my agents. I see it in
my Instagram DMs as well. Hey AI Ali Doo
and people are already starting this
proxytoxroxy communication. It is going
to be even more important to have actual
personal relationships because if
everything is just your proxy floating
around in the you know interwebs and
metaverse and wherever
&gt;&gt; what a weird life to lead and sad and
lonely likely. But it is the hope that
by having some of these proxies all meet
up with each other, things can happen
faster.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Like if we were planning out this
podcast, let's say, which I know we're
just like riffing and having fun. What
if our two AI agents had had a meeting
on our behalf and then came back and
said, "Here are the five questions that
you guys should start with."
&gt;&gt; Yeah. What's going to happen to Teams
then? But I'm thinking like if my social
media manager is able to pull off
whatever she's doing for eight hours,
then she's going to be able to pull it
off in 20 minutes. Does that mean she's
gonna have more clients? Are we moving
to a world where you have multiple
people that you're working with? So
smaller teams are going to be able to
pull off what bigger teams are doing
today. There are going to be some
companies that say, "Great, we can
reduce 75% of our headcount and now
instead of eight social media managers,
we have two." Right? That is one path
that some companies are taking. There
are others that say, "Wait a second, we
have eight really smart people who
deeply know social media. I'm going to
keep two of them on the core task. We've
always wanted to launch on YouTube, so
that'll be person 3's job. We've always
wanted to create audio files of all this
stuff in 70 different languages. That's
person 4's job. We've always wanted to,
etc., etc. So you can imagine either
taking new tasks on that make you more
visible to more people, you can gather
more clients, you can provide more uh
value. Um you can launch net new
business lines like maybe you decide to
use many chat inside of Instagram and
maybe no one on your team of eight even
had bandwidth to do that. But now you
can take that on or now you can build
out that second brain of your voice and
constantly have it be updated because
one person's job
&gt;&gt; could just be to maintain all of your AI
skills and projects whatever related to
your social media like that is now
something someone can do
&gt;&gt; and I see this happening in my team the
way we I don't know we 5x the amount of
output on social media because of that
couple weeks or months. Yeah. because um
in the last I would say like 3 to four
months but the past month has been
especially act because now a person who
used to do guest outreach is also doing
my PR is also doing my GEO like gener
generative engine optimization because
she's using claude to do that and it's
just fascinating like for me I don't see
laying off people I see that we're just
going to 10x our output the last
question so somebody finishes this video
sets up claw does all of the files
&gt;&gt; in one here. What's the gap between two
versions of that person? One that said
clut up and one that didn't. They are
going to have a system that can better
help them and their business without
heavy lifting. And that means you're not
heavy prompting every single time. All
of the answers are more customized and
valuable. You don't have to keep
resetting up your projects and systems
and grabbing stuff. That's kind of like
the obvious gain, right? You are going
to be more productive and gain more
value. My bigger hope is that as new
things come out between now and 12
months from now or now and at least the
end of the year that you're going to
have less fear as you see these new
releases cuz you're going to go, I've
actually been playing with aentic AI
type things. I've already built a skill.
So when you're showing me scheduling, I
know that that means I could schedule
that skill. when you're showing me brand
new dispatch capabilities where I can
control all this stuff from my phone. I
know what it already looks like on my
desktop so it's easier to do it on my
phone. Like there's a phenomenal
snowball effect that happens especially
with beginners in AI where they start on
that small task and then maybe if they
sleep it's the next day, right? But
they're able to get more of those
practice cycles in.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And that is not a complete uh
erase of all of their fear, but it'll
lessen it by 30 to 70%.
And so much of it just comes from
exposure to some of these more advanced
tools.
&gt;&gt; Not just fear of AI, fear of tasks in my
case. Like what if this happens? What if
that? I'm like, AI is going to handle
it.
&gt;&gt; Having more like gusto for your life.
Like again, the downside is that I feel
like I'm not sleeping as much. But I see
a problem that 5 years ago Ally would
have been like, why am I having to solve
this? And now I'm like, I get to solve
this. Let's go.
&gt;&gt; And it's now a challenge. Like I try and
break these systems. It is thrilling to
be faced with a thing that I don't know
how it's going to end to see what that
like journey with AI is like. So I I
hope that people find this joy, this
sense of experimentation, this curiosity
and wonder about it and have that agency
so that if you're ever like, I wonder if
AI can open up Claude and ask that
question and give yourself 10 minutes
just to see what you can do on that
problem.
&gt;&gt; What happens to the income of that
person?
It's a it's a great like I would love to
be a hyperson be like it obviously goes
up they're all going to make so much
money. Um there are some people just for
this year that are taking a step back on
income so that they can fully pivot into
the space of AI and I want that person
to know that like that's okay. Like your
long-term goal should be financial
stability not always necessarily
maximizing income. I do think that there
is going to be some instability in
markets. And so if you are someone who
learns AI and you are someone who
diversifies your sources of income and
is intelligently frugal, right, not
going down to bare bones, but being
smarter with your money, the combination
of those three gives me a lot more hope
for that person's, you know, net income
at the end of the year.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And it's a long-term play. That's
that's something I keep thinking about
when you're too too much into like
optimizing optimizing. You're like I
&gt;&gt; I started in AI almost 20 years ago. I
worked in it every single day for the
last decade.
&gt;&gt; I wouldn't do that unless I thought that
it was one helpful for me for my own
personal business and business growth.
And two that I thought I could help a
billion people figure this out and I
thought it was net positive for them as
well. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, like my hope of course is that
everyone is going to have everything
that they've ever wanted, but it is okay
to take some side steps and to kind of
move along more of a wall than a ladder
to be able to get there. Thank you,
Ally. I feel like for everyone who's
been listening, uh, sometimes you're
doing this manual task every single day,
but it takes some time to stop and like
fix it. But once you do, once you fix it
with AI, you your mind is gonna be
blown. Thank you so much for being so
practical. And uh let us know in the
comments uh what you're gonna handle
first with uh with Claude. Thank you.
Thank you. By the way, if you're
enjoying this and you want to dig deeper
like what are the skills, how to
automate this or that. I had an amazing
conversation with Kan Katan Furge who
teaches AI at Stanford and uh he
co-ounded a company called Deep Learning
AI together with Andrew Ing. His episode
was so practical. He was actually the
reason I came back home from Davos and
started doing this whole claw thing. And
uh it completely changed the way we
work. So tune in to this episode right
after this
